# Pirin Adventures
## Walking, hiking & trekking holidays in Bulgaria

Here at Pirin Adventures we run "all inclusive" mountaineering, trekking, walking and mixed adventure Holidays in the Pirin Mountains. We are located in the S.W. of Bulgaria and border Greece and Macedonia. Pirin Mountains remain on of the vastly undiscovered Mountain ranges of Europe. Mixed adventures include horse-riding, kayaking or white water rafting, wild camping and survival, waterfall and Gill scrambling; and rock climbing in the Pirin and Rondopi Mountains. All you need to do is book your flight, pack your bag and be ready for an adventure. We provide you with a hassle free holiday and look after everything else when you arrive in Bulgaria. This includes food (vegetarian, meat and fish dishes), accommodation and transport whilst you are here on your weeks holiday. We  generally cater for small groups up to 8 people per week and are idea for single people, couples or small groups. Alternatively if you know each other we can accommodate bigger sized groups of up to 40 and tailor to your specific needs, this also includes families with children.

We have our own modern well equiped apartments in Bansko including a sauna, gym and beautiful communal garden.We also have a lovely rustic house in the village of Pirin where you can get involved in cheese and Rakia making and tasting and even a bit of goat hirding as well as immersing yourself in village life. From our bases we organise Treks out into the mountains with various levels of difficulty, just click our itinerary Page to read about our holiday structures and choose the one that suits your capabilities.

Our Holidays are all about sampling the delights and wilderness of the Pirin Mountains.You will meet the beautiful people of Bulgaria with their warm welcoming nature and charming culture. Absorb the breath taking views whilst been expertly and safely lead through the maze of lakes, paths and ridges, with overnight stays in the rustic mountain huts or wild camping.

You will experience Bulgarian village life on a hassle free holiday for the adventurous traveller who wants a physical challenge that is matched to their ability level.